azorhizobium caulinodans
cellulomonas gilvus
methylophilus methylotrophus
phenylobacterium immobile
shewanella putrefaciens
myxococcus fulvus
corallococcus macrosporus
stigmatella aurantiaca
melittangium lichenicola
chondromyces apiculatus
nannocystis exedens
vitreoscilla stercoraria
vitreoscilla filiformis
lysobacter enzymogenes
hyphomicrobium vulgare
hyphomonas jannaschiana
leptothrix discophora
gallionella ferruginea
polaribacter glomeratus
cyclobacterium marinum
spirosoma linguale
gemmata obscuriglobus
rubinisphaera brasiliensis
gimesia maris
pirellula staleyi
tuberoidobacter mutans
borreliella burgdorferi
borrelia parkeri
borrelia anserina
spirochaeta aurantia
spirochaeta halophila
oceanispirochaeta litoralis
spirochaeta thermophila
treponema denticola
treponema pallidum
treponema bryantii
treponema saccharophilum
treponema succinifaciens
leptospira biflexa
leptospira borgpetersenii
leptonema illini
magnetospirillum magnetotacticum
aquaspirillum serpens
azospirillum lipoferum
campylobacter fetus
campylobacter hyointestinalis
campylobacter curvus
campylobacter mucosalis
campylobacter showae
campylobacter sputorum
helicobacter pylori
helicobacter acinonychis
helicobacter felis
helicobacter muridarum
achromobacter cycloclastes
pseudoalteromonas carrageenovora
brucella abortus
elizabethkingia meningoseptica
planomicrobium okeanokoites
chryseobacterium balustinum
terrimonas ferruginea
psychroflexus gondwanensis
chryseobacterium indologenes
[flavobacterium] lutescens
sphingobacterium spiritivorum
francisella tularensis
thermus aquaticus
thermus thermophilus
thermus filiformis
